Updated README.md with relevant information about the sharedSchemaId (#280)
fastify/fastify-multipart: README.md

})
```

If provided, the `sharedSchemaId` parameter must be a string ID and a shared schema will be added to your fastify instance so you will be able to apply the validation to your service (like in the example mentioned above).

The shared schema, that is added, will look like this:
```js
{
  type: 'object',
  properties: {
    encoding: { type: 'string' },
    filename: { type: 'string' },
    limit: { type: 'boolean' },
    mimetype: { type: 'string' }
  }
}
```
**Note**:

> When sending fields with the body (`attachFieldsToBody` set to true), a field might look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When sending fields with the body (`attachFieldsToBody` set to true), the field might look like this into the `request.body`:
```

Author: Did you mean this:
```
When sending fields with the body (`attachFieldsToBody` set to true), the field might look like this in the `request.body`:
```
?

Reviewer: Yes, thks 😄

```json
{
  "hello": "world"
}
```

> The mentioned field will be converted, by the plugin, to a more complex field under the hood. The converted field will look something like this:

Reviewer: This is not totally clear to me reading the docs what is the trigger that transform the `hello` field into a complex one

If `attachFieldsToBody:true` we will get `request.body` as `{ "hello": "world"}`
If "something else" we will get the `request.body.hello` as a complex field

Author: Actually the plugin will ALWAYS convert ALL the non file fields.

Reviewer: Ok, so we are saying that the `hello: world` is the expectation, but the user will get the complex one.
I would remove this example, it carries the attention to what the user will not have in its hands.

I would just say:

> Plain fields' JSON structure is like: ..

And I would put a JSON schema near the example, this would be really helpful for users

Author: Well, the whole reason of bringing this to the users attention is that when adding a the JSON schema for the plain field would be expected to be:
```js
hello: {
  type: 'string'
}
```
But instead (because of the conversion that is NOT mentioned anywhere) the user has to write it like this:
```js
hello: {
  properties: {
    value: { 
      type: 'string',
    }
  }
 }
```
If we don't mention the conversion and the result of it - regardless of the fact that it's not in the users hands, then the schema will not make sense or it will be confusing (like it was for me before).

Author: I've added the JSON schema bit under the example.
